hey everyone Sylvia Perez here and
welcome to today's episode of behind the
ads where we see how some of the fastest
growing startups approach their digital
advertising and joining me today is none
other than Nick Lafferty the head of
growth at Loom and I'm super excited to
have you here welcome Nick awesome
thanks Sylvia really happy to be here so
Nick high level
what is Loom and who do you serve
yeah so Loom is really the async video
platform for work and so we give folks
the ability to quickly share their
thoughts either by just recording their
camera what's on their screen or both
and then sharing the final output with a
link and so we're evolving into is more
than just uh screen recorders our goal
right now is to help folks reduce time
in meetings communicate more effectively
communicate on their own time and really
build better connections with your team
so the beauty of loom is that anyone can
use it but our primary audience is
knowledge workers and so that's who we
tailor a lot of our messaging and AD
copy to words
how do you define a knowledge worker
yeah it's a knowledge worker is really
anyone who uses their kind of like brain
to to work and it relates a lot of tech
workers as well and so anyone who is on
a computer all day our most common
personas are product managers designers
Engineers those kinds of folks really
have the easiest time using glue but
outside of that sphere we have all kinds
of people we have lawyers using Lou we
have personal trainers who ask their
clients to record themselves with loom
so they can correct their feedback and
correct their kind of like movements and
on their workouts as well so if really
anyone can use it but it's mostly people
using movement at work or working at
Tech or Tech adjacent companies is where
we really shine right now
got it I feel like that's got to be a
blessing and a curse in a way from a
marketing perspective it's a blessing
the fact that you can serve so many
people Loom is so beneficial to all
kinds of different folks but the curse
side could be almost that you have so
many different personas it's really easy
to spread yourself thin in terms of
focus
yeah exactly the common adage is that
you're talking to everyone then you're
talking to no one like really applies to
a horizontal product such is is Loom and
so we've had to get really thoughtful
and precise and who we talked soon we
would have to get into some of this
later but who I message and talk to at a
broad level if I'm just trying to grow a
flat number of signups is different than
if we're trying to sell a larger
Enterprise deal into a company like
someone who loves the budget at larger
tech companies is not necessarily the
end designer the in product manager
someone in HR or it leader so we also
have that split tools because we go up
figuring out like who to message to then
what are The Right Use cases to to talk
with is a fun challenge for us yeah
definitely
on that note what does your paid
strategy look like at Loom at a really
high level and so our paid strategy
really has three pillars and so the
first one is driving new user growth and
so just a flat signed up number and
really for us it's driving net new work
sign ups which is someone who has
indicated that they're using Lou for
work versus personal or education in
these cases then the next pillar is
someone who is growing account density
at Target domains and so not just
getting sign ups to get sign ups but
like how can I get the last incremental
five signups at metadata or at some
other company to really grow the amount
of density because we found that the
amount of people using loom app a
company is really highly correlated to
one closing an Enterprise deal which is
very interesting to us of course but
also it just grows usage and Scrolls the
map of people that are using entirely
and have organically spreads through the
company so then the third one is
Pipeline and so how can we open net new
pipeline that turned into Enterprise
deals where we have customers that are
purchasing Lou Walter Wong so it's like
really wonderful is down for like
getting a ton of sign ups to getting the
right sign ups to then how do we get in
front of decision makers at these
companies so we can get everyone at
their company access to them
that's so interesting I on that account
density piece I mean it just logically
makes sense right more folks within that
company that are using your product more
likely will yield into an actual deal
being closed in your data and you don't
have to share your specifics but you did
you notice like a correlation of once we
reach x amount of people from this
company they're more likely to actually
turn into a deal
yeah yeah absolutely so we have a great
data science team that really drives a
lot of this stuff so thankfully it's not
me as the marketer having to like figure
my way through in a sequel yeah exactly
oh man yeah 100 so yeah we have a great
data science team that we've led the
charge here but yeah we do have we have
a magic number and it differs if there's
like there's smaller companies and so
companies between 100 and a thousand
employees is like a different magic
number than companies a thousand plus
and for us it's not just sign ups it's
how many people are actively recording
in the last 90 days and so that shows us
that not only are they consuming blooms
but they're recording and sending them
out too and so that's the way that we
started to bucket these and that filters
down into arcade media campaigns and we
target these campaigns and that's where
a lot of the creative LinkedIn ads that
we're doing are coming from with
targeting specific companies trying to
get them over that magic number because
our data has shown that once we hit that
number our sales team is just way more
effective at closing deals and it just
gives them more
like more selling points really you've
had there's this many people at your
company using blue this is the magic
number then now let's talk about what
your it would look like to have everyone
at your company have access to Lumen
what that would unlock in terms of
meetings reduced or communication or
building relationships and sell those
all kind of the points that we hit in
that sales cycle too yeah right on
that's awesome and
selfishly I'm just curious
are you feeding those inputs as
conversion signals back into the
platforms for optimization
and we're sending sign up events and so
that's as that's as far down as we get
internet we're actually pretty new in
terms of getting our paid media I guess
like maturity level is like really early
on and so we've been running ads and
spending money on paid marketing for the
almost the entire time I've been at
wound which has been a year and a half
so far and so we're sending pretty basic
signals ideas this will work sign up or
not into the platform and then but using
that to drive the bidding strategy but
we should totally chat after in terms of
the conversion signals because that
could be huge because you have the data
science team and you have the
infrastructure you can send
not just a sign up occurred but we'll
call it a a qualified sign up because it
was based on that level of Engagement
you know and you can feed that back into
the channel if it's within a 90-day
click cycle
yep yeah no oh that would be awesome
like I did something like that at my
first job of sending like Revenue in
conversion data like way post sign up
conversion but actual sale conversion
back in and yeah 100 is something that
we should chat about later
that's awesome so talk to me a little
bit about you have all these different
initiatives you have so many different
Persona almost seems overwhelming from
the offset when it comes to each program
how are you approaching actually getting
in front of your audience and I know
that can vary by Channel
for sure I think that we have a pretty
lean and limited team and also resources
right now so we have to be ruthless in
how we prioritize and what beths are
like big swings that we take and so
we've really teared out who the best
personas for us to Target from a end
user perspective and again it's product
managers designers Engineers so that's
our tier one to call it like self-serve
Persona and audience that we try and
build and then on the Enterprise side it
really switches it becomes HR leaders
I.T leaders that large companies who end
up being the one who have the budget to
own the loom would fall into or can like
actually stop sign the contract and so
if tiered out who is like the premium
people we should be speaking to first
and then at that point really LinkedIn
has been key to our overall like
messaging and marketing strategy from a
paid media standpoint both like
organically and paid is just the best
way to get other message in front of
whatever audience and so I'm a big
proponent of using LinkedIn to that
effect outside of of paid media also
really every Loom recorded is also kind
of part of our like audience building
strategy so a designer recorded at their
company and sending it to someone else
is the best way for us to grow our
audience virally that's how Loom has
grown so far it didn't really run paid
ads up until Midway through through last
year and had crazy exponential growth
and so I look at LinkedIn of like how
can I what's the best place for me to
spend dollars to get my message in front
of the Right audience and some of the
best ways I've done that in terms of
creative have been just stealing
whatever our social media manager is
using organically and then use that as
an ad like our best performing ad so far
is this flowchart of when to use woo or
like when to communicate asynchronously
or should you have that meeting or not
so like flowchart that breaks down this
kind of complex idea into something
digestible is a one-off social media
post on LinkedIn I just stole it dropped
the NORAD champagne there was like
overnight like instantly for the best
performing campaigned himself I think
that's absolutely helped me understand
like the value of I had you communicate
and talk to these people sometimes like
making an ad is not necessarily the best
way to go about it when we I always say
people wear two different hats when they
approach advertising and just native
content when they're creating content
organically they have their content
marketer hat on and then when they step
into the ads manager they put their
performance marketer hat on but what
people fail to realize is all paid ads
is an amplifier it takes what you have
and it just guarantees distribution so
you're still advertising within the same
social feeds that people are consuming
organic content so the same best
practices apply that your social media
manager is thinking through so that's
pretty genius in the sense of you're
taking what's already proven and then
you're just pushing it through ads to
guarantee distribution in front of very
specific personas or specific accounts
Etc
yeah no you're exactly right and I've
like whenever I have made ads before I
hear exactly right I put on my ad hat I
have asserted my template or layout and
then mind and sometimes that is what
works that's not what resonates and
certainly a paid social platform like
LinkedIn you want that really
informative content that can help
educate and give people like interest
and excitement while they're just
scrolling in the feed and eat it I don't
get a click on those ads if I didn't
like or a comment that's great and
that's all I'm going for is just get
that engagement get people familiar with
us yeah also what we see is what happens
people who are using loom already are
the ones who comment or engage on it and
then that helps Reach people who are
using loom and then you get that kind of
built-in social feedback a little bit
then in the ad so definitely not to say
all of my ads are like home runs like
slam dunks out of the park but when you
find the right one like rotten than not
it's been ones that I've pulled from
organic social or just pulled from kind
of things that were made for other
purposes that then reuse in paid media
versus something I made such
specifically for a pig media itself
and are you just advertising on LinkedIn
only right now because by the way the
fact that only what a year and a half on
ads like running ads actively for Loom
because you guys have just been able to
grow and yeah so dramatically just
through your feedback loop and like that
virality of when people share looms they
can see where it came from and then they
sign up Etc
has it solely been LinkedIn so far your
focus no and so when my first six months
at Loom was spent by testing every
possible Channel I could get budget for
and could get my hands on and there was
a lot of it because we wanted to just
accelerate our learnings and understand
what was the right platforms for us and
so everything from Reddit to Twitter to
tick tock to Facebook and Instagram like
really everything I could get my hands
on I tested and what we ended up finding
is LinkedIn was just the best performing
channel for us both from a engagement
perspective and from a targeting
perspective and also just like broadly
overall I've taken a couple of passes at
Facebook Tick Tock itself was a really
interesting channel for us to test and
some of the challenges of paid social
for loom in particular is
that so many of them are mobile first
and this was like really true I Tick
Tock and Mobile Traffic being on a
mobile device isn't really the best
place to experience loom for the first
time we used to live and breathe on on
the desktop instead of going into Tick
Tock and trying to find only desktop
users or whatever it wasn't successful
but I think we'll go back and take
multiple swings at that but with their
resources and bandwidth that we have
right now focusing on one channel from
both it organic and paid inside of
things just made the most sense
on the audience piece right now for
those that aren't familiar Nick and his
team are running a really interesting
play where they're doing a strategic ABM
campaign where I'm seeing you have Loom
ads that are created for specific
companies that you're currently
targeting and testing how's that been
it's been great but we've only got one
one cease and desist so far for using
someone's logo without their permission
so that's a success but overall though
it's been going really good I think the
immediate bottleneck is how you create
these ads of scale so we have a Target
account list
I have these awesome templates that are
brand design team made or I gave them a
brief of hey this is my idea I want to
swap logos in and out myself and then
throw them into the paid social platform
and so the first dollar neck is just
making all of these things manually if
someone that was done on purpose so we
could validate the idea before we put a
bunch of resources in time into
automating it as getting it into a more
kind of like fully built out motion but
yeah we take those companies we build
them custom ads we throw them into
LinkedIn with really just company
targeting is the first level cell phone
targeting metadata or whoever it's like
the first layer of that strategy and
then is the audience is big enough I
exclude a contact list of everyone at
Blue who's using loom at that company so
I hear a big coverage users exclude your
email and exclude marks I would squid a
few other people who we know we have
your email already and then if the
audience is still big enough or
targeting a big enough company then I
would layer on maybe seniority level
targeting of maybe I want to Target
directors Plus and so at the end we get
20 30 50 of these campaigns that are
running right now they all have cgrs of
two to three percent which to me is just
a mind-boggling really high number for a
LinkedIn ad I give people who comment on
it saying hi to their entire company
okay other people at optimize with good
distinguished targeted let's add too and
so we wanted to run it was done in Q4
specifically because we wanted to build
conviction and confidence that this idea
was worth doubling down on next year and
putting resources like allocating
outcome a revenue number sign up number
to it and so we had some time in Q4 to
test invalidate so go into next year to
give us some data and it's been really
successful so far with this one-to-one
ABM campaign is the CTA to drive a free
trial sign up for Loom to get people to
sign up and register
yep got it exactly this is a this is a
line to that ABM density
that you're trying to drive so you have
you you've identified a list of accounts
and you're trying to drive more free
trial signups within those list of
accounts with these dedicated one-to-one
ads yes exactly and so we have a list of
these accounts I know exactly how many
active recorders are at that company in
the last 90 days I'll drop that into the
ad itself and then yeah the goal is to
get those accounts over our magic number
and so I've watched it drop them into
a really seamless flow look just sign up
and start using and then on the back end
we partnered with our lifecycle team to
make sure that these accounts get more
of a white glove onboarding treatment
they get special email sequences that
are targeted to each company and have
unique creative as well and I think as
this campaign matures will try and make
it as easy as possible for these people
and companies to join their existing
bookspace at looms join other colleagues
and so I think that's the ultimate in
state it's like almost on one click sign
up to join and you're just Community put
in with everyone else at the company
because that's where the stage and like
the power of loom really starts to
resonate
yeah that's amazing so you said the
magic number Nick when it comes to the
magic number how do you guys approach
reporting and measurement to know how
are you doing in relation to that number
yeah if we lean heavily on our internal
attribution reporting and so again our
data science team does a ton of heavy
lifting here to really build reporting
in Luigi's Tableau that connects to our
warehouse and that kind of stitches all
of our segment events together so we can
say hey what was the first touch what
was the last touch on this user's
Journey and the unique thing about Loom
that I haven't experienced at other
companies is just the amount of surfaces
we have makes the sign up Journey pretty
complicated so if you look at our sign
up attribution from a last touch
standpoint then like our marketing site
crushes it like massive conversion rate
everything is great but the marketing
side is the main place that people can
sign up for loom and it's really the
last place they would ever come right
before they sign up anyway and so when
you start to slice it other ways how
many rooms someone has watched really
plays a big impact and so flipping
between first touch shows more of the
journey and so we have all of our
surfaces we have the marketing side we
have a Chrome extension we have mobile
apps we have share Pages which is what
we call when you recorded share a loom
they're all of this like slash share
directory and the amount of traffic that
the share Pages get gets the wharfs what
our marketing site gets just in terms of
overall monthly visits to those pages
and so that also makes a really
interesting resourcing and
prioritization challenge do we optimize
the share pages to make them more more
viral or to like some can increase
conversions from them or do we focus on
sending people where the marketing side
and like reducing friction there but
overall it comes down to looking at the
attribution and that report lines up to
our sign up modeling and forecasting for
reshap goals by channel for paid
Organics whenever I think like circling
back to that point but yeah it's been
probably the most challenging company
I've worked at to have a clear answer
what's the most common path because even
if they watch a woo it's not it's never
the same blue like a loom that you watch
before you convert will be different
than one that a designer or engineer a
product marketing manager watches and so
I having to distill all that data which
we have a ton of is is complex but we
lead on a lot of our internal reporting
versus using a lot of in-platform
reporting for conversions yeah
that's awesome yeah I can only imagine
the complexity there with all those
different touch points and then also too
are you leveraging any self-reported
attribution so you have the quantitative
data or getting some feedback from the
folks who are actually opting in
yeah we've talked about it I've been an
advocate for self-reported attribution I
think the challenge in implementing it
for us is
we'd implement it in the onboarding
survey of every user who comes into Lou
we ask them a couple questions like what
are you using loom for what's your job
function your Marketing sales
a couple of others and every question we
add to that onboarding survey reduces
conversion rate by about seven percent
for us and so for us the trade-off of
getting that extra data point on the
sign up side has it been worth it yet
but I think people are coming around to
the idea of being able to compare
self-reported attribution with what our
model shows and we know we get a lot of
direct branded interest traffic already
and what we don't know and how much is
our podcast or like Word of Mouth like
other things like really impacting this
number and so I think going into next
year we'll probably take a closer look
at that yeah if they're doing that for
the Enterprise like contact sales Forum
to as well as Saint challenge like the
more Fields you add limited anniversary
it gets
yeah that's a good point just hearing
you speak and my brain is firing with
ideas for Loom I don't know if you guys
have gone into YouTube ads but I feel
like YouTube is such a blue ocean
opportunity especially for a company
like Loom another example is grammarly
does really well with YouTube ads like I
could see loom in a much very similar
bucket because again your product is so
usable by different people YouTube ads
are extremely cost effective and you can
get a ton of branding and direct
response from it
I think that's definitely something you
should explore for 2023
yeah we've I've taken a few passes at
YouTube ads and I I agree 100 with you
the cost is super effective the audience
there it is really good it can matches
who we're trying to speak to my my first
pass as YouTube ads generated a ton of
Education sign ups and I think what
started happening is the algorithm
started matching to students so we would
get sign ups and so it would go find
more and more of those but I was like
what I want other types of signups yeah
yeah and YouTube is 100 on our roadmap
we did a big for and campaign last year
where we spent a fair amount of money on
YouTube from just a branding and like
education standpoint as well so yeah I
totally agree with you I think it's
still a massive untapped opportunity
that's where the convergence that no
live right to yeah those conversion
signals are going to be huge there too
so you can teach the algorithm not to go
after the students but to go after these
specific individuals Etc you know yeah I
personally consume a lot of YouTube I
know there's a lot of other folks at
movement in the tech sphere that also
consume and so I think it's all a matter
of retesting and refining the targeting
like I'm a big fan of saying that like
it's very hard to say this channel
didn't work forever it's more than
likely this channel didn't work this
time for this purpose but that doesn't
mean it won't work if you tried it as a
way if you tweak something else and
targeting some conversion events and so
it's like my pig media method is just
constantly testing and retesting things
and so you find the one combination that
like finally cracks the code
yeah absolutely test until proven
otherwise one of my mantras whenever you
have a hypothesis
on that note you mentioned Tableau and
you know your data warehouse I think a
lot of folks get tripped up when it
comes to Tech stacks for paid media and
I think it's always enlightening to know
what is that company using so when it
comes to loom what would you say is like
your core paid Media Tech stack that you
use
yeah we don't we don't have like
anything like before our warehouse like
we don't use so from a data in
standpoint we have segment events that
feed into our data warehouse and that
pipes into Tempo but that's all owned by
our data team itself I'll partner with
them to say hey I need this event I want
to learn about this data and they'll go
help me solve that problem but in terms
of managing ad campaigns and run
everything inside the platform with a
big Google tag manager fans I guess you
could probably count as Tech stack I
think every paid marketer could be well
served from learning Google tag manager
learning about websites and the Dom kind
of how the the data layer and how things
passed around variables wise and so we
run a pretty lean operation some of that
is due to budget macro conditions right
now aren't super favorable instead of
leaner we are the better and especially
and you probably know this too of would
you run a paid Media budget it's a
really big line item in the overall kind
of p l and so like would you have to cut
costs that Finance teams start looking
at that like millions of dollars and if
the budget for take video what would
happen if we could cut this and so
that's if that's the part of it for sure
I love this answer it's secretly one of
my goals with this series is to show
people that there is no secret and
everyone is just figuring it out and I
love this answer because you look at a
company like Loom and you're like oh
they have it all figured out you know
what I mean they're exploding they're
doing all the right things but this is
just a great example it has their issue
like their struggles their problems
everyone's figuring out putting one foot
in front of the other and maturing as
you go so really focusing on yourself
and improving is ultimately what's going
to get you where you want to go
yeah exactly and we're still really
early on in our journey both as a
company and also as a pig media kind of
growth auction and yeah we do not have
it all figured out where we I make as
many mistakes it apply more mistakes I
get success or wins but those make the
wins all the sweeter like when you want
10 ads nine of them suck and they bomb
but that one crushes it it makes
everything else completely worth it
and the one that you thought was going
to do well usually never does yes or
exactly and how did you get it right 40
of the time and then 60 of the time
you're wrong yeah I've had so many of
those conversations oh I think this
landing page idea is going to crush it
it's so pretty and beautiful it has all
this great ux and the amount of times
like the pretty thing belongs and the
kind of ugly Scrappy thing does a lot
better it's it's been fascinating and
wild for me to watch from both the ad
testing and like landing page
converterate optimization perspective
too so test everything
absolutely so when it comes to testing
and ads what is your process for
brainstorming creative and copy
yeah I hinted at this earlier step one
for me is just looking at what's going
on in organic social and talking to our
social media person saying hey what's
working for you what's resonating what
copy what creative can I steal that just
started using and so that's been a great
source of inspiration for me and then I
also like to go we're building a
performance content engine that was that
will sit between demand gen and growth
and SEO content and social media to
figure out having one person going and
talking to our customers our customer
success team our sales teams to
understand when people are coming to us
with problems what are those problems
how can Loom help solve those and then
have one person own that synthesizing of
problems and then we can start using
that in all of our messaging and AD copy
and on the website and so that's
becoming a bigger part of my creative I
guess like creation strategy is leaning
on that person and that document say hey
what are our learnings like what are the
problems that we're solving in turn that
into something I can use and paid social
I take a ton of inspiration from what I
see in my LinkedIn feed too I probably
spend too much time on LinkedIn overall
but constantly like screen grabbing ads
storing them just to get a list of new
ideas to try and
I think for me brainstorming the
creative is the harder part than
brainstorming copy so I'll often will
try and get the creative made first and
then I will write the copy to fit myself
and I think everything the classes and
resources I recommend to really everyone
every paid marketer is we're copywriting
cxl as a great sales page and messaging
copywriting class that has been like the
number one single best class I've ever
taken there's really no Pig media angle
there it's just like how do you message
the people effectively with copy and
stuff over the years I've really refined
and build that muscle so I think I'm
pretty good at taking existing visual
creative and turning it into copy that's
quick and Punchy ink really hits them
but the creative side I tend to struggle
with and so that's why my process starts
with absorbing like looking at like
external ideas and using that to
synthesize and get my brain going
because I can't just build something
from scratch I need to be inspired by
something else one of my favorite quotes
from Pablo Picasso is good artist copy
great artist steel the worst thing you
can do is start from a blank canvas with
no inspiration just from your head
like I always say steel greatness take
examples of what's working and then of
course I don't just rip people off and
do exactly what they did but take the
essence from it and then make your own
Spin and try to make it in your own way
to fit your ideal customer your persona
what they want Etc tailored to your pain
point but yeah that that's absolutely
critical not myself too Nick like I'm
default I'm more analytics driven and
more the creative side is something that
I have to force myself and that's where
having a swipe file is so helpful
because you can already start ahead
versus starting from scratch which is
super intimidating
exactly yeah and I think the other part
of that is working with my team to build
me some templates and so I don't need to
go and create one off design request
every time I have these kind of custom
templates so I can swap out text or swap
in some brand design pre-approved images
so I'm still on brand because that's
really important for us and our like
overall marketing strategy but have
these kind of drag and drop elements and
then sort of layer on all those like
external inspiration ideas and then turn
on a couple variations and different
colors and just go out but yeah 100 you
have to start from something and even a
little inspiration is better than me
just staring at like my security or
something trying to come up with
something from the consero
100 all right Nick you have a brand new
marketer they're they're starting off
their growth marketing manager at a
series a company they're a team of one
what advice would you give someone
listening who might be in that position
that wants to start a paid media program
in their company
yes I think for me like it starts with
expectation studying and I say this
because I have fallen in the Trap of not
setting the right expectations or
setting two lofty expectations for a new
channel a new program a new muscle and
the expectations I would set are we're
going to try a lot of things some of
them likely most of them aren't going to
work but we have to trying and not get
discouraged and so that's the advice I
would give to a growth marketer at a
young like early stage companies level
set expectations first so here's the
strategy here's what we're going to test
and roughly how much budget we need for
each Channel how long we're going to
give each Channel with the broad
expectation of a lot of these aren't
going to work that's okay we're learning
and we're going to grow and build this
repository of knowledge of hey this
worked and then that will be to
something else so number one thing is
setting the right expectations with
leadership which I think is a different
answer than I would have given five
years ago in my career it's like a
bigger side of career maturity a little
bit and then after that really being
diligent about testing new channels even
if something is almost working once
you've given that enough time like you
said guardrails okay I'm going to test
this channel I have thirty thousand
dollars a budget I'm going to test it
over two months and then at the end of
it if it's not a clear-cut yes then to
cut it move on and try something else
versus spending more months like
trying to eat out that last bit of
optimization to get your cap down or get
like the monetization level
to the right amount of being able to
Kill Your Darlings a little bit and move
on to the next thing and the last bit of
advice I would probably give people is
to be really cautious about bidding on
your branded search term in Google I've
seen a lot of companies fall into this
trap you start bidding on loom or
metadata you get these awesome
conversions that cost you a dollar your
click through rate is like 40 but you
probably would have gotten those anyway
and that are just like shifting numbers
between buckets and you get hooked on
this like super low cost High conversion
rate campaign type and then you go to
watch non-brand and paid search or
something and all of your numbers are
lower your calculator so I think I would
skip a lot of that stuff pretty early on
but yeah like expectation setting you
really time boxing the channels you're
testing again cautiously approaching
branded search in Google Nick this was
amazing if people want to connect with
you where can I find you
yeah I think that the best place to find
me is on LinkedIn send me a message
connect with me I would be happy to chat
you can also Google me either go to my
website nicklafferty.com right now it's
mostly a notion template resource and so
if you're really into notion templates
that you'll probably find my website as
you're Googling around the internet for
it but either of those two places are
great places to reach out thank you so
much Nick for being here I feel like
everybody Took a ton of value from this
for those listening go ahead and check
out Nick on LinkedIn follow him check
out his website if you are a notion
Advocate or you want to get into notion
I think that'll be an awesome one and
then finally if you have any companies
that you want us to bring on for behind
the ads let me know and we'll add them
to our list all right guys until the
next one take care